Fix broken links in README and clean up. (#601)
plone/training: README.rst

> .. image:: https://travis-ci.com/plone/training.svg?branch=master

Reviewer: Change:

.. image:: https://github.com/plone/training/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=main
    :target: https://github.com/plone/training/actions/workflows/test.yml

Training
========

`training.plone.org <https://training.plone.org>`_ is a collection of different trainings,
developed and created by the Plone Community.

Overview
========

Beside the trainings you can find information on `Plone documentation <https://docs.plone.org/>`_

> `How to work with content and manage site settings in Plone. <https://docs.plone.org/working-with-content/>`_

Reviewer: Remove, or change to a specific training, such as ["Through-The-Web" Plone Customization](https://training.plone.org/5/ttw/index.html).

Plone Trainings:

- How to get your Plone site up and running: `Installation <https://training.plone.org/5/mastering-plone/installation.html>`_
- How to style your Plone site: `Theming <https://training.plone.org/5/theming/>`_
- How to develop customized solutions with Plone: `Mastering Plone Development <https://training.plone.org/5/mastering-plone/>`_

> - `and more trainings <https://training.plone.org/5/>`_

Reviewer: Move to just after its heading.

```suggestion
See the complete list of `Trainings <https://training.plone.org/5/>`_.
```

Contribute to trainings documentation
=====================================

A guide on how to contribute to the trainings can be found in `Contributing to Plone Trainings Documentation <https://training.plone.org/5/contributing/>`_ .

Support
=======

If you are having issues, please let us know by opening an issue in our 
`Issue Tracker <https://github.com/plone/training/issues>`_ 

> or asking a question on our `Community Space <https://community.plone.org>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or asking a question on our `Community Forum <https://community.plone.org/c/training/46>`_.
```
